hey guys what's up welcome back to my
channel today
it's the morning basically just woke up
i had a
matcha which i devoured very quickly
with gary we meditated
and today i want to take you guys
through
what i eat in a day right now um kind of
vlog a little bit
i am in the middle of working out right
now almost forgot to film it
so i'm gonna work out and then i'll show
you guys all the meals i'm eating right
now and
um kind of just what we're up to um and
i'm in my living room my new living room
and we are still
working it out so there's like no
artwork the walls are pretty bare but
also show you guys a little bit of the
design and what we're kind of going for
in this vlog as well all right guys
let's get started
mr rush oh
wow i was way off
okay so i finished working out um just
got dressed let me put you down
and i'm going to make my first meal of
the day normally i would have
eaten before my workout but today i just
woke up a little bit late and things are
a little bit crunchy so i'm having my
pre-workout meal as a post-workout meal
and we're in my kitchen now
you can see these really ugly green
cabinets i hate
the color i hate it so much we're gonna
cover it with countertop
adhesive speaking of which we already
did let me show you guys
this entire this used to be a dark brown
and i will show you guys like before and
afters
of everything it's kind of messy right
now but we covered this ourselves with
countertop adhesive and it was
a really i would say successful project
but
it was not easy like it's definitely
like a two-man project
it can get a little frustrating and get
a little crazy it's like
half oddly satisfying half infuriating
as hell
so if this is something you're gonna try
out just be prepared
i might do a separate when i do like my
full you know
like renault video on what we did with
the new apartment i'll go over that in
more depth but for now
just be warned all right so today i'm
having as my post-workout meal
i'm having um egg whites and um
spinach which is what i always have i
already have my morning matcha which i
told you guys about
and i'm gonna also have some multi-grain
or sprouted bread i forget what we have
in the fridge
along with it okay so i'm measuring out
on my food scale 160 grams of egg whites
i use
just egg whites by the carton instead of
wasting egg yolks if i need to have like
fresh egg whites
i can use eggs but i don't often need
that so
weighing out 160 this one's dead by the
way i'm like
if i'm shaking it's because i'm really
really hungry like borderline hangry but
i'm not gonna be
i'm not gonna be angry at you guys i'm
also gonna put a piece of bread in the
um oven to toast it
oh 160 on the dot i love when that
happens inside here's my spinach
and i'm gonna put some bread in the oven
so i just poured the egg whites in
and now i'm just taking spinach and i'm
just breaking it up with my hands
this is such a simple thing to do it's
just to add some extra veggies into the
day some extra
micronutrients get a little extra oomph
i just break it up pour it in the throat
in the pan
and then i kind of just let this sit you
know cooking eggs
pretty easy thing to do
[Music]
okay so i just made this matcha and um
i just finished wrapping up contributing
to
an article um i'm trying to contribute
to more online publications just to get
the small index name out there and also
share
my knowledge so i just did that and gary
is just packing up getting ready to go
grocery shopping for us so he's been
doing
we couldn't order our groceries anymore
um we just it's in new york
the line is just too crazy like you
can't get a digital order in
they're just all the slots are taken so
we've started grocery shopping again and
gary goes to this
russian um store in brooklyn
and gets a bunch of like really fresh
foods every two weeks
thank you jerry and then when he comes
back
we do the whole like wipe everything
down clean everything up process so
if um if he's back later i can show you
guys how we do that too
but now i have a meeting it's almost one
o'clock i'm gonna have this two hour
long meeting and then
i will see you guys a bit okay i just
finished
finished all of my calls it's 4 17
and oh my goodness there's something
about zoom calls i think just because
like i can't sit still for
that long they just they like just make
you tired they just make you so tired
um okay so i'm gonna make um oh my gosh
you guys i ate a meal and show you
and this is what i eat in a day wow i
had a
cherry shake i'm just gonna walk you
through it since i didn't have it it
really was not that special but i'm just
gonna show you what i had anyways
um okay i had a protein shake
um about an hour ago it was it was
nothing special it was frozen cherries
70 grams um about a cup almond milk
and this protein powder which is on its
plant-based
vanilla protein um i wouldn't recommend
this protein
i don't like how it tastes but i bought
this large of a size and then i had to
eat it so
um it tastes very stevia like like i
really don't like when you can taste
the fake sweetener in a product it's
just not my jam i don't know if you guys
agree
i what i love i love topeka's
plant-based proteins
you literally cannot taste the fake
sweetener in it at all it's just
delicious actually it's an all-natural
product so um
i'm not gonna buy this again but um what
i am gonna do right now is make my new
chocolate chia seed protein pudding
parfait
wow that is a lot of peas alliteration
um so i'm gonna make that now and i
didn't forget about you guys
all right let's let's get started so we
need blueberries
yogurt chia pudding a banana and yeah
this is brown
okay you guys tell me do you think
bananas should be refrigerated
or not because
gary and i completely disagree he puts
the bananas in the fridge every week and
they turn brown within like two days
the inside is still fine it doesn't rot
but i just don't like this and i also
don't like a cold banana like i want it
to be like
just room temperature you know what i'm
saying um let me know
below if you put your bananas in the
fridge or not
because i definitely don't want to but
anyways that's why it's brown
okay so i'm gonna start by filling the
bottom of this glass with some zero
percent
greek yogurt so it's zero percent zero
fat
all natural no flavor yogurt
i'm gonna put 100 grams in so i'm just
weighing this on my scale
um you can also just eyeball this if you
want
probably about like a half a cup
of yogurt this uh recipe is so
delicious it's um high-end healthy fat
chia seeds are so healthy for you they
have omega-3s
they have protein in them they have
fiber in them they're honestly just like
one of the best things you can eat in my
opinion
trying to not go over by too much there
we go
all right so we have a parfait i'm just
getting it into the bottom of the glass
by tapping and then honestly
lately what i've been doing that i've
been really enjoying is just putting
more like
care into my meals normally i'll just
eat like you know
whatever but lately i've been enjoying
making my food look aesthetically
nice and normally i'm not like that i
don't know it just makes me it allows me
to enjoy the food a little bit more i
think
i'm gonna do 50 grams of bananas and
what i'm doing here is i'm actually just
going to
cut let me do it here i'm just going to
cut the bananas first
[Music]
and so that's about half a banana and
then i'm just going to place it along
the edges
of the glass so i'm just making this
nice and pretty just mushing it into the
glass around in a circle
by the way i made a blog post on this
recipe so i'll link it below if you want
um the recipe besides just watching it
here i mean
and then i put the extra bananas in the
center to make like a little barrier
because we're gonna put the chia seeds
in next
now making this chia seed pudding was
really easy all you do is you mix one
tablespoon of
chia seeds with about three ounces of
almond milk i used unsweetened almond
milk and you let that sit for three to
six hours overnight is best
and then after that when i wake up first
thing in the morning i add about a
little spoonful
of cacao powder great awesome
supplement for making things taste
chocolatey without adding all the sugar
that's in chocolate
it's delicious it's filled with
antioxidants it's a great add to
oatmeal you know smoothie shakes
chia pudding it does the job so what i'm
gonna do
it's so good this recipe literally
tastes like dessert i'm just gonna pour
i think i'm just gonna do it all
oh my god that looks so good
and i don't want to miss any so i'm just
gonna
that sound and then lastly i'm gonna
measure out one cup of blueberries
as the topping and then i'll show you
guys the final product and then i'm
gonna eat this
real real quick i've now had this three
days in a row i'll have you know
and it's just it's about 200 and 200 and
something calories um it's like a snack
it's like 260 calories or so
um not that i don't count calories i do
track macros but
um well that's all the blueberries that
are going to fit
so i'm about let's see
one there okay last touch
um we're going to add a little bit of
cinnamon
where is this oh just on the top here
[Music]
honestly cinnamon is amazing i add it to
the top of
a lot of things that it goes naturally
with really helps with um
blood sugar regulation appetite it's
awesome
and here we have it chia pudding
yogurt chia pudding
blueberries and i'm gonna go eat this
hey guys it's 5 55 and i
am just sitting down to eat a little bit
of dinner gary's still grocery shopping
somehow hopefully he'll be home soon and
this is what i'm eating
so we have here a trifecta system meal
they're just a meal prep company but um
you microwave it and
we have chicken breast some noodles yum
and then brussels sprouts this looks
like carrots or peppers
um and yeah it smells really good i'm
really excited to eat it
and it's pretty high protein obviously
with the chicken so
i'm gonna sit down and eat this and um
after this i do have i'll probably have
a little bit
later snack or something some tea but um
i will i will show you guys that and
yeah i hope gary's home soon so that we
can watch some westworld or something
um we are trying to get through season
three and it's just like any of you guys
who watch westworld know it's just not
as good as the original
season um we really miss like
season one um but we're you know i'm a
big fan so i'm trying to
trying to keep up trying to like make
sure i see the story through to the end
yeah okay gary's back and um okay
it's a little messy here we're still
unpacking but um we have a process for
wiping down groceries so i figured i'd
show you guys what we do
normally we use disinfectant wipes but
they're sold out everywhere so i'm going
to be using
our cleaning spray this one isn't 100
clean it has some harsh fragrances in it
it i'd probably honestly i want to start
using just like vinegar and making my
own solution but
we have this we bought it a long time
ago so i'm just going to use it i'm
going to use this
meyers and some paper towel to clean
everything
also you guys i'm guilty i am on my
third matcha of the day
just been one of those days okay i had
to
i had to and gary was so sweet he
brought me flowers
and they're so beautiful all right
so you're just gonna take everything out
okay
so my i just had like a minor panic that
myers
um does not disinfect but i just googled
it and it does
thankfully what does not disinfect is
what i just told you guys i was gonna
use next time
which is vinegar vinegar does not kill
viruses um and bacteria so i will not be
using
vinegar the next time i clean my house
or do this i'll
keep using the good stuff
all right you guys i am finishing off my
day with
something really plain and simple it's
just some egg whites
literally so simple and nothing to write
home about but
i just need to get my protein up a
little bit higher and egg whites i think
they're delicious
um i know they're maybe an acquired
taste for some
but and i don't really have two eggs
like egg whites in one day but that's
just how this worked out today
um overall i had 100 and about 20
125 grams of protein per day so you saw
how i got that all in
and yeah i hope you guys enjoyed this
kind of vlog kind of
grocery haul kind of what i eat in a day
and um i will see you guys next week
have a good one say bye
yep we have this light
wait we have this light here and it's
weird because it actually
like the exact height that it is blocks
my eye level from making eye contact
with gary when he's in the kitchen and
i'm in the living room and vice versa
like
this is my eye level and you just see
his body and then he just sees
my body it's so annoying we want to get
it raised but i don't think we can
anyways bye you guys see you next time
[Music]
you